implement a car rental System in java 

where the following classes/interfaces are used 

step 1: User management this is the begining of the application where the user logs in and log out 
the class should take the user id name etc. and use a class factory of this class to classify the user into either admin 
or customer also explain the various methods involved in customer and admin.

step 2:
once the customer has logged in a seperate class/interface should be created for searching the desired car of the user using strategy design 
pattern. specify the various methods of the class. and the user should have an option of searching based on the rental duration, type of car,
price of car etc.

step 3:

once the car is selected create another interface which specifies the type of car such as SUV,Hatchback, luxury etc.
use a factory pattern and specify the necessary methods required for the implementation. also provide a class
with a decorated pattern for adding services such as insurance,childseat etc. and also specify method for calculating the extra cost.

step 4: 

after the car has been selected specify a class for calculating the payment based on the duration,type and other 
features of the car and also provide different payment startegies such as creditcard, UPi etc for processing the payment.
further when the payment is processed the customer has to recieve notifications via sms and email that payment is done
and booking is confirmed use scheduler and observer design patterns and different methods.

step 5:

once the payment is done customer has reserved his booking hence create a state class which provides customer to pick up 
and return the car after use and also calculate extra cost on recieving it after the specified duration.

in addition to this use state design pattern and implement the different states of the car once it has been picked up 
it should be in picked up state once returned it should be available for another user to use.
and also provide a maintance state where the car is unavuilable and undergoing maintenace.

kindly provide comments for each method explaining the process.